Research shows that students who write out their notes on paper actually learn more than those taking notes by typing.

MIT students must pass a swim test to graduate. The director of phys ed said swimming is “…a self-survival skill. Research shows that most drownings occur in families where parents don’t know how to swim.” The test requires you to swim 100 yards. It used to be 200 yards, the width of the Charles River, but then someone realized if you fell in the river, you’d only have to swim at most half the width.

The average high school student today has the same stress level as the average psychiatric patient did in the 1950s.

A standard pencil has enough graphite to write roughly 45,000 words or draw a line 35 miles long. This fact has yet to be tested.

Google has found GPA’s and test scores to be “worthless as a criteria for hiring”; they have teams where 14% of their employees haven’t gone to college.

The Grey School of Wizardry is a school specializing in occult magic, operating primarily online and as a non-profit educational institution in the State of California. The school is reported to be the first wizard school to be officially recognized as an academic establishment.

Students with the highest GPAs score lowest on measures of creativity and independence, and highest on measures of punctuality, delay of gratification, predictability and dependability.

India producing twice as many engineers, scientists, and IT specialists as America every year. An Indian firm called Aspiring Minds recently stepped up to test the engineering graduates, and according to their results, a third of the tested engineers lacked the most basic mathematical skills needed in everyday life. An incredible 42 percent couldn’t multiply or divide simple decimal numbers. The low quality of India’s specialists and their additional lack of English-comprehension skills have reportedly gotten so bad that some large Indian tech firms are hiring liberal arts majors and training them from scratch.

There was a child prodigy who spoke his first words at 4 months and graduated college with a degree in Anthropology at 10 years old.

Saddam Hussein received an award from UNESCO for eradicating illiteracy and establishing national primary education.

70% of Iran’s science and engineering students are not men, but women.

Canada is the most educated country in the world.

The richest man in Asia dropped out of high school at 15.

Just one out of nine children finishing school joins a college.
 
Almost 86 percent of people choose to stop with a B.E degree while 12 percent go forward for post graduate level and 1 percent take up research

For engineers every course APART FROM ENGINEERING is easy.

Contrary to popular notion, people generally prefer art courses (37 %) than engineering courses (18%).

Samsung accounts for 20% of Korea’s gross domestic product.
The radio took 38 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.The television took 13 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.The iPod took 3 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.

In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.

Computer engineers, in conjunction with animators, have created special effects in movies such as "Jurassic Park," "Forrest Gump," and "Interview with the Vampire"?  

Long time ago, people who sacrifices their sleep, family, food and laughter were called saints, but now they are known as engineers.

Nintendo was first established in 1889 as a playing card company.
